add routing modes video (#67)
cilium/cilium.io: src/posts/2022-04-23-ip-routing-modes/index.md

---
date: '2022-04-23T17:00:00.000Z'
title: 'Cilium Kubernetes CNI Provider: Part 4, IP Routing Modes (Direct and Encapsulated)'

> ogImageUrl: 'https://docs.cilium.io/en/stable/_images/native_routing.png'

Author: ```suggestion
ogImageUrl: 'https://docs.cilium.io/en/v1.10/_images/native_routing.png'
```

> ogSummary: 'Learn about Cilium’s supported IP routing modes'

Author: ```suggestion
ogSummary: 'Learn about Cilium’s supported IP routing modes in this video'
```
